bpo-39648:[WIP]updated math.gcd to accept 'n' arguments. (#18590)
python/cpython: Doc/library/math.rst

   <https://code.activestate.com/recipes/393090/>`_\.

.. function:: gcd(*arguments)

>    returns the greatest common divisor of multiple scalar arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return the greatest common divisor of multiple integer arguments.
```

>    For example,

Reviewer: I think the following precise statement (inspired by the existing documentation) with relevant examples is clearer than a more vague description followed by a list of "some exceptions."
```suggestion
    If any one of the *arguments* is nonzero, then the value of ``gcd(*arguments)`` is the largest positive integer that divides all of the *arguments*. If all of the *arguments* are zero, then ``gcd(*arguments)`` returns ``0``. For example::
   
        >>> gcd(22, 33)
        11
        >>> gcd(-6, 8, 10, 12)
        2
        >>> gcd(-5)
        5
        >>> gcd(0, 0)
        0
        >>> gcd()
        0

```
